Change and add links to the Cloud (#3855)
meilisearch/meilisearch: README.md

You may also want to check out [Meilisearch 101](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/getting_started/filtering_and_sorting) for an introduction to some of Meilisearch's most popular features.

## ⚡ Supercharge your Meilisearch experience

Say goodbye to server deployment and manual updates with [Meilisearch Cloud](https://www.meilisearch.com/pricing?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=engine&utm_medium=meilisearch). No credit card required.

## 🧰 SDKs & integration tools

> Install one of our SDKs in your proj``ect for seamless integration between Meilisearch and your favorite language or framework!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install one of our SDKs in your project for seamless integration between Meilisearch and your favorite language or framework!
```

## ☁️ Meilisearch cloud

> Let us manage your infrastructure so you can focus on integrating a great search experience. Try [Meilisearch Cloud](https://www.meilisearch.com/pricing?utm_campaign=oss&utm_source=engine&utm_medium=meilisearch) today.

Reviewer: Why do we choose a different message from the one added to all integration README.md files?

Author: I did not change that message it was written by @davelarkan

Reviewer 2: Indeed the initial message was added when the Cloud first opened for public release. We can change it now if we want something more appropriate?

Author: I personally don't have an opinion one way or the other

Reviewer: Please go with the one added to the integration so we have something consistent everywhere (it serves the same purposes).

Thanks!

Author: done
